Model card for mobilenet v1 and v2 (#37948)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/mobilenet_v1.md

url = "http://images.cocodataset.org/val2017/000000039769.jpg"
image = Image.open(requests.get(url, stream=True).raw)

# Preprocess image
inputs = processor(images=image, return_tensors="pt")

# Perform inference
with torch.no_grad():
    outputs = model(**inputs)
    logits = outputs.logits

# Post-process to get labels
predicted_label_id = logits.argmax(-1).item()
predicted_label = model.config.id2label[predicted_label_id]
print(predicted_label)
# Example output: tabby, tabby cat
```

</hfoption>
</hfoptions>

<!-- Quantization - Not applicable -->
<!-- Attention Visualization - Not applicable for this model type -->

## Notes

-   **Checkpoint Naming:** Checkpoints often follow the pattern `mobilenet_v1_{depth_multiplier}_{resolution}`, like `mobilenet_v1_1.0_224`.
-   **Variable Input Size:** While trained on fixed sizes (e.g., 224x224), the model architecture works with images of different sizes (minimum 32x32). The [`MobileNetV1ImageProcessor`] handles the necessary preprocessing.
-   **1001 Classes:** Models pretrained on ImageNet-1k output 1001 classes. Index 0 is a "background" class, and indices 1-1000 correspond to the standard ImageNet classes.

> -   **Padding Differences:** Original TensorFlow checkpoints had dynamic padding behavior based on input size. The Hugging Face PyTorch implementation uses standard, static padding by default. To enable dynamic padding (matching TensorFlow behavior), instantiate the configuration with `tf_padding=True`.

Reviewer: Nice example below!

```suggestion
-   The original TensorFlow checkpoints determines the padding amount at inference because it depends on the input image size. To use the native PyTorch padding behavior, set `tf_padding=False` in [`MobileNetV1Config`].
```

    ```python
    from transformers import MobileNetV1Config

>     # Example: Load config with dynamic padding enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    config = MobileNetV1Config.from_pretrained("google/mobilenet_v1_1.0_224", tf_padding=True)
    ```

> -   **Unsupported Features:** The Hugging Face implementation has some differences from the original paper/TF implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The Transformers implementation does not support the following features.
```

>     -   Uses global average pooling instead of the optional 7x7 average pooling with stride 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   Uses global average pooling instead of the optional 7x7 average pooling with stride 2. For larger inputs, this gives a pooled output that is larger than a 1x1 pixel.
```

>     -   Does not support specifying a custom `output_stride` (which would require dilated convolutions). The output stride is fixed at 32.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   Does not support other `output_stride` values (fixed at 32). For smaller `output_strides`, the original implementation uses dilated convolution to prevent spatial resolution from being reduced further. (which would require dilated convolutions).
```

>     -   `output_hidden_states=True` returns *all* intermediate hidden states; selecting specific layers is not directly supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   `output_hidden_states=True` returns *all* intermediate hidden states. It is not possible to extract the output from specific layers for other downstream purposes.
    - Does not include the quantized models from the original checkpoints because they include "FakeQuantization" operations to unquantize the weights.
```

> ## Resources

Reviewer: Lets remove the `## Resources` section since they're all internal links. I think we should only include external resources that aren't as easily discovered.
